gh-135607: Remove null checking of weakref list in dealloc of extension modules and objects (#135614)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-06-17-22-34-58.gh-issue-135607.ucsLVu.rst

> Fix potential weakref races on module ojbect under free-threaded build.

Reviewer: Sphinx references and typo fixes:
```suggestion
Fix potential :mod:`weakref` races on module objects on the :term:`free threaded <free threading>` build.
```

> Fix potential :mod:`weakref` races on objects dealloc on the :term:`free threaded <free

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix potential :mod:`weakref` races in an object's destructor on the :term:`free threaded <free
```

> :func:`PyObject_ClearWeakRefs` unconditionally.

Reviewer: These are all internal details that don't matter much to changelog readers. We should talk about races with module objects under free-threading.
